feature scala code formatter (#102)
cross-language-cpp/djinni-generator: README.md

djinni-generator/1.2.0
```

> ### Code format
> 
> All code files of type **scala** and **sbt** need be formatted with [scala-fmt](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/) plugin.
> 
> To format all files execute `sbt plugins scalafmtAll`.
> 
> The version of scala format tool can be changed in the file `.scalafmt.conf` and the version of scala plugin can be changed in the file `project/plugins.sbt`.
> 
> To change the code formatter configurations, put all configurations options inside `.scalafmt.conf`. See all configutations here: https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/configuration.html. 
> 
> You can check if formatter is working with command `sbt scalafmtCheck `.
> 
> All available tasks of the code formatter plugin can be checked here: https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/installation.html#task-keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Code Formatting

All **scala**- and **sbt**-files need be formatted with the [scala-fmt](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/) plugin.

To format all files, execute `sbt plugins scalafmtAll`.

The version of the scala format tool can be changed in the file `.scalafmt.conf` and the version of the scala plugin can be changed in the file `project/plugins.sbt`.

To change the code formatter configurations, put all configuration options inside `.scalafmt.conf`. See all configuration options [here](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/configuration.html). 

You can check if the formatter is working with the command `sbt scalafmtCheck `.

All available tasks of the code formatter plugin can be checked [here](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/installation.html#task-keys).
```
